Converting files from pdf to excel .xlsx format using Adobe Acrobat 11 on a MAC


1. How to convert a single PDF file to Excel:

Open a file in Acrobat XI.
Choose Tools > Content Editing > Export File to Microsoft Excel Workbook.
Name the Excel file and save it in a desired location.


2. How to Convert more than one PDF file to Excel format - create an Action Wizard (script)  
(note: I did not find this intuitive or easy. It may take a few tries.  Be patient)

  The Action Wizard is a GUI based script generator.

2.1 Open a pdf file
On top right select tools
select Action Wizard - create a new action

2.2 On right under Files to be processed
  under Currently open file as default
  select the folder icon instead
  and in window that pops up select the directory with all the pdfs in it

2.3 On the left under Choose Tools to add
  Open Recognize Text
  and select Recognize Text using OCR
  use the add icon in the middle to move this over to Action Steps

2.4 under Choose tools to add:
Open Save and Export
Click on Save
Click on the add icon in middle to move this over to Action Steps
       Open Save
       Select save to open Folder
        and choose folder to save the converted files too.  You can create a new folder here if you need to .

2.5 Under Save to Local Folder
  Select Specify Settings
  under Output Format
  select Export Files to Alternate Format
  At Export to: Select Excel Workbook
  and then O.K.

  You are done creating script

2.6 At bottom select Save and give the script a name

2.7 Run Script
  Now while viewing the file you will see Under Action Wizard on the right
  your script name will appear under Actions
  Select your Script(Action)
  make sure the files you want to convert are selected
  Click Start


If it is not working the way you want or you want to make changes go to Action Wizard > Manage Actions and you can edit the script there.

I exported the script I used to this file:
ConvertPDFtoExcel.sequ

You can try importing this script and editing it for your needs.
       

reference:
http://www.adobe.com/products/acrobat/pdf-to-excel-xlsx-converter.html
